h1. SocialLua

SocialLua is a set of modules designed to make it easy for you to use the APIs of internet sites and services with ease. It is managed by "Linus Sjögren":http://www.github.com/thelinx and "Bart van Strien":http://www.github.com/bartbes.
The code is licensed under the Public Domain.

h3(#toc). Table of Contents:
# "Including SocialLua in your script":#inclusion
# "Return values":#rvalues
# "Contributing to the project":#contributing
# "Module documentation":#docs

h2(#inclusion). Including SocialLua in your Script

Using SocialLua is just a matter of requiring the modules you need.

bc. require("social.twitter")
social.twitter.tweet("Hello World from SocialLua!", "username", "password")

The above example wont work atm, though. :(
Since SocialLua is Public Domain code, you may use it however you like, with no restrictions. This means that you don't need to worry about licensing issues.

h2(#rvalues). Return values

All SocialLua modules follows the standard (data or nil, error message) as return values.

bc. data, err = social.twitter.homeTimeline("username", "password")
if data then
    -- do stuff with the data
else
    print("Error, "..err)
end

h2(#contributing). Contributing to the project

Contributing is as easy as "forking the SocialLua repo":http://github.com/TheLinx/SocialLua/fork and adding your own stuff.
There are some guidelines, though:
* Comment your code with ["LuaDoc":http://luadoc.luaforge.net/]-compatible documentation.
* Use return values as "the rest of the project does":#rvalues.

h2(#docs). Module documentation

The documentation is not available outside of the source code for now. You can look in the source code of the module that you want to use to see how to use it's functions.

We are planning on making the GitHub page include auto-generated documentation. Meanwhile, the source code is your friend.
